README.md, before:

# mice behavior tracking

[![Build](https://github.com/eggplants/mice-behavior-tracking/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/eggplants/mice-behavior-tracking/actions/workflows/build.yml)

- A system that captures the movement of a mice
- Real-time calculation from camera
- output of the amount of movement of the center of gravity
  - CSV(`displacement_of_mice,int(elapsed_sec/10),timestamp`)
  - AVI(color or monochrome)

## Binaries (Windows, Mac, Linux)

See: [Releases](https://github.com/eggplants/mice-behavior-tracking/releases)

## Local build

```bash
pyinstaller -F src/tracking_GUI.py -i img/icon.ico
```

## Author

- original code written by shikama
- modified by [natsukacha](https://github.com/natsukacha)
- modified by [eggplants](https://github.com/eggplants)

## Icon

- <https://icon-icons.com/icon/testing-mouse-sciencie-scientific/53002>

<img src="https://cdn.icon-icons.com/icons2/539/PNG/512/testing-mouse_icon-icons.com_53002.png" width="500x800" alt="icon" />

## Screenshots

<img src="./img/01.png" width="500x800" alt="01" />
<img src="./img/02.png" width="500x800" alt="02" />

Commit message:

v0.13: add version file for win, lock version python>=3.9

README.md, after:

# mice behavior tracking

[![Build](https://github.com/eggplants/mice-behavior-tracking/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/eggplants/mice-behavior-tracking/actions/workflows/build.yml)

- A system that captures the movement of a mice
- Real-time calculation from camera
- output of the amount of movement of the center of gravity
  - CSV(`displacement_of_mice,int(elapsed_sec/10),timestamp`)
  - AVI(color or monochrome)
- Available on Python 3.9 or more

## Binaries (Windows, Mac, Linux)

See: [Releases](https://github.com/eggplants/mice-behavior-tracking/releases)

## Local build

```bash
# On Windows
pyinstaller -F src/tracking_GUI.py -i img/icon.ico --version-file file_version_info.txt
# On Linux and Mac
pyinstaller -F src/tracking_GUI.py -i img/icon.ico
```

## Author

- original code written by shikama
- modified by [natsukacha](https://github.com/natsukacha)
- modified by [eggplants](https://github.com/eggplants)

## Icon

- <https://icon-icons.com/icon/testing-mouse-sciencie-scientific/53002>

<img src="https://cdn.icon-icons.com/icons2/539/PNG/512/testing-mouse_icon-icons.com_53002.png" width="500x800" alt="icon" />

## Screenshots

<img src="./img/01.png" width="500x800" alt="01" />
<img src="./img/02.png" width="500x800" alt="02" />
